[YUKARI AND MITSURU IN THE DORM]
[AKIHIKO WALKS IN]
AKIHIKO: Hey Mitsuru and Yukari... you wanna join us walking Koromaru to the shrine? Everyone else is already outside waiting.
MITSURU: Oh... Thanks for the offer Akihiko, but me and Yukari will wait here for Makoto to get back home.
YUKARI: Yea, we got a few things we need to discuss... so we won't be coming today.
AKIHIKO: Well, good luck with whatever it is... we'll be back soon anyways. See ya.
YUKARI: Yea, see ya senpai!
MITSURU: Goodbye Akihiko.
[AKIHIKO LEAVES]
YUKARI: Mitsuru... let's call a truce from now on, the only person we should be against right now is not each other, but our son of a bitch leader!
MITSURU: You're right Yukari! I believe we've matured enough to know who the real perpetrator is...
YUKARI: Oh Bestie!! Slay!
MITSURU: Slay indeed..
[PAUSE WITH COCKROACH SONG PLAYING AND GETTING LOUDER]
MITSURU: You hear that?
YUKARI: That overly loud emo music? Yes, I think he's gonna come through the "door" any second now...
[DOOR OPENING SOUND EFFECT]
[THEY TURN AROUND]
[MAKOTO, IN FRONT OF THE DOOR BACKGROUND, LOOKS AT THEM THEN PAUSES THE MUSIC WITH A CLICK, THEN PLAYS DORM OST]
[FOOTSTEPS, LOOKING AT YUKARI AND MITSURU, THEY TURN AROUND AS FOOTSTEPS COME AND PASS THEM]
YUKARI: How did he change the music of the room like that... WAIT, What the fuck!? Makoto! Are you just gonna walk past without saying hello!?
MAKOTO: I'm tired, check my status.
YUKARI: You're Tired!? How the fuck does that make it ok to not even greet us!
MITSURU: Makoto! I think we need to have a long conversation before you're even allowed to leave this fucking room!
[PAUSE]
MITSURU: Ok... Before Yukari and I bring up what we wanted to discuss... Is there anything you want to get off your chest? Considering that me and Yukari are both here in this room!?!
MAKOTO: No, not really..
YUKARI: Nothing?!
MAKOTO: Nope..
YUKARI: Ok!... Mitsuru, Before I clock this guy in the face, would you like to start the discussion?
MITSURU: Certainly Yukari... It has come to our attention that you have been engaged in an intimate relationship with both of us. Again, I want to be reasonable here and give you a chance to explain, so I'll ask you, do you have anything you want to say for yourself?!
MAKOTO: I needed to max out your arcana social links so I could fuse stronger personas.
YUKARI: What thee FUCK?! Are you shitting me? What are you talking about!? Arcanas? Fusing personas? We're not in Tartarus, you dumbass!
[VELVET ROOM OST PLAYS WHILE ASCENDING IN VOLUME]
MAKOTO: Believe me... Before we go climb Tartarus, I go to a place between realms called the Velvet Room through a door only I can see. Then a man with a long nose and bulging eyes and his hot as fuck assistant takes my personas and fuses them for an even stronger one according to the depth of my relationships.
YUKARI: I'm not sure if I should be pissed or worried at that explanation?! What the fuck have you been smoking before you came in the dorm because I need some of that shit right now! Weed? DMT? Fentanyl? Crack? Meth?
MITSURU: Yukari, please, I understand your frustration and not even I buy this shitty excuse of a justification, but let's hear him out one, more, time. Makoto, you're not fucking with us right now, are you? Because I'm seriously losing my patience here. Why are you going out with both me and Yukari at the same time!?
MAKOTO: There's no option for a platonic route in Persona 3 Fez.
MITSURU: Ok... Yukari, he's fucking with us, get me my sabre and a cross, I'm going to crucify this son of a bitch and hang him in front of the dorm.
YUKARI: What a good idea Mitsuru! I'm glad we can finally come to terms on one thing, which is making sure this motherfucker experiences the worst possible pain a human can experience!
MITSURU: Yes, as members of SEES and victims of our leader's womanizing, we need to stick together if we want to make sure that this asshole is never able to touch his cock with his hands ever again!
YUKARI: Oh, speaking of cocks, I say we take turns with my bow, taking shots and see who can hit his dick first!
MITSURU: Oh Tres Bien... Yukari, I didn't know you had that girl boss energy inside of you, I think we'll make a great team today.
YUKARI: Yea, actually... I can feel a really strong bond growing between us...
...
...
MAKOTO: Is this the Yuri event where you two start kissing in front of me?
YUKARI: Shut the fuck up!
MITSURU: Shut the fuck up!
YUKARI: Ok, before we turn you into the next symbolic Christian martyr, I'm curious, if you had to choose between me and Mitsuru, who would you choose?
MITSURU: Yes, I'm also curious, just mind that whatever you say won't change our decision of turning you into the next crucified messiah.
MAKOTO: ...Aigis.
YUKARI: Aigis?!
MITSURU: Aigis?!
AIGIS: You called?
YUKARI: What the fuck!?!
MITSURU: What the fuck!?!
YUKARI: When did you arrive!?
AIGIS: Well, when I heard my partner for life call out my name... I rushed back as fast as I could! Did I mention that we often get undressed and have steamy robot sex?
YUKARI: Aigis, please shut the fuck up, you sex bot! I don't want to hear anymore, why did you even bring that up!
FUUKA: Makoto, how could you! Did our intimate cooking sessions mean nothing to you? Especially that one time after cooking, you picked me up and pinned me on the-
YUKARI: Not you too, Fuuka! Please, both of you slags, shut the fuck up before I lose my mind!
MITSURU: Ok, at this point, I'm not even surprised you fucked Aigis,
AIGIS: eHe.
FUUKA: and Fuuka.
MITSURU: Heyyyy! What do you mean by that, Mitsuru?!
MITSURU: But answer me truthfully, how many girls do you have a relationship with right now!
MAKOTO: 6.
JUNPEI: Holy shit dude, I didn't know being an aloof depressed emo could get you so many bitches.
AKIHIKO: I don't think that's how it works, Junpei...
KOROMARU: Bark.
AIGIS: Oh, Koromaru, you're so funny. Makoto is really fucked, isn't he?
YUKARI: Oh great, now everyone's back...
MITSURU: This truly has gotten out of hand.
KEN: I'm out of my depth here... I think I'm just gonna take Koromaru upstairs.
SHINJIRO: Haha! Stay here, Ken! This is the funniest shit I've ever seen, funnier than when Mitsuru and Yukari were arguing over a stupid fucking cheesecake yesterday.
JUNPEI: I'm with Shinji senpai! Man! Watching hoes catfight is the best thing ever!
AKIHIKO: Shinji! Junpei!... Let's just give them their space. I have to admit, this is definitely entertaining to watch, even if it means missing some hours training, but I don't want to be on the receiving end of Mitsuru's long, and girthy, steel sword.
MITSURU: Thank you, Akihiko. I'm not sure why you worded your last sentence like that... but please, can the rest of you give us girls a moment with Makoto?
KOROMARU: Bark.
KEN: Ok then...
SHINJIRO: Yea... whatever...
JUNPEI: You're both such boner killers... but Ok, we'll leave...
MITSURU: OK, back to where we left off.
KOTONE: Yea, guys, please carry on! I've got my popcorn ready!
YUKARI: Huh? Where the fuck did you come from, Kotone? Isn't this Persona 3 Fez right now? This isn't a stupid K-Drama, you know!
KOTONE: I've been here the whole time, and you're right! This is even better than a K-Drama!
MITSURU: Wait! Don't tell me you're dating him too?
KOTONE: Oh hell no... no offense, Makoto, but you're not my type.
MAKOTO: None taken.
KOTONE: But I would usually go for literally anyone else that can breathe, and especially young boys like Ken~
YUKARI: Ok! Wayyy too much information, we absolutely did NOT need to know!
MITSURU: Let's just move on and ignore Kotone's here for now.
AIGIS: Before we start engaging in a drawn-out argument with each other filled with jealousy, slut-shaming, and unnecessary digs, can I suggest a solution to everything? Why don't we all agree to a polyamorous relationship with my husband- I mean Makoto?
YUKARI: Fuuka, did you do something to Aigis? Because I don't remember her having a spewing shit function!?
FUUKA: Oh sorry, I did actually tweak her software a bit. I might have forgotten to update her system... But listen to this, Aigis is basically an Alexa now! Hey, Aigis!
AIGIS: Yes, Fuuka?
FUUKA: What's the weather tomorrow?
AIGIS: Tomorrow's weather is expected to be partly cloudy with a high of 75 degrees Fahrenheit and a low of 58 degrees. There is a 20% chance of rain.
YUKARI: Oh, that's actually pretty cool!
FUUKA: I know, right?! She can actually do a lot more if you want to try asking her for other things.
MITSURU: Yukari, Fuuka, Aigis, I hope you all haven't forgotten about the situation we're in right now?!?
YUKARI: Oh yea, sorry, we still have to discuss what to do with our no-dick homewrecker in front of us, don't we?!
FUUKA: In all honesty, I agree with Aigis. I'm actually fine with a polyamorous relationship. I trust our leader will be able to give us enough time and affection for all of us, as he has already been doing. And as long as Makoto agrees to keep eating my food, I have no issues!
YUKARI: You're joking, right? Don't agree just because no one on this godforsaken earth would willingly put your disgusting ass food in their mouth.
FUUKA: That's really mean, Yukari!
YUKARI: Ok, sorry, Fuuka, that was too far, but come on, how could you devalue yourself so much? You're better than this! I mean, how will you be able emotionally to handle seeing him with other girls all the time? Us girls need to have some more self-respect and not let this shithead get away with everything!
MITSURU: I'm with Yukari. The emotional baggage in a polyamorous relationship is too much for most people, even for me. It'll be very difficult to not experience any jealousy or insecurities throughout the relationship. And the thought of Makoto weaseling his way out of this would leave a bad taste in my mouth!
KOTONE: Like Cum!
MITSURU: Shut the fuck up, Kotone.
AIGIS: Well, from my analysis, we can offset those drawbacks by having open and honest communication about each other's needs. We're all close team members here, so it shouldn't be an issue considering all that we've already been through.
MITSURU: I see where you're coming from, Aigis, but personally, and I know this is a selfish reason, as a prominent member of the Kirijo Group, it would bring much negative attention and legal troubles to the company because of the social stigma of being involved in a relationship like this.
AIGIS: How about this then? Everyone that agrees with my idea stays in a relationship with Makoto, and the rest of you bitches can stay out of our business! Then everyone's happy!
YUKARI: What the Shit!!! Hell No! How is that even fair!? What the fuck happened to your empathy module, Aigis? Did Makoto take it out so he could install the Stupid Sex Bot processor unit instead?  Look, the fairest outcome is if he chooses right here and now one girl to go out with! And the rest of us will just have to accept it...
FUUKA: Yukari, stop being a rude and stubborn bitch! This is why everyone calls you a bitch, Bitchkari!
AIGIS: Bitchkari!
YUKARI: Ok, that's it! Gloves off for everyone! Fuuka, you fucking dorky, cringy Discord mod! Take your ye ye ass haircut and go sit down on the sofa and let us women figure this out, ok!?!?! And you, Aigis, don't get me started! You better get your stupid mechanical, rusty, having ass out of this dorm and into a scrap heap before I do it myself!!!
MITSURU: Yukari! Calm the fuck down! It wasn't right of Fuuka and Aigis to start ganging up on you like that, but right now, you're just as bad as them, so please!
YUKARI: Stay out of this! Do you want to repeat what happened last time, you whore!
FUUKA: Yea, Mitsuru! You whore! Didn't I hear you had sex with the teachers so you could become the president of the student council!
AIGIS: I also recall that information as well.
MITSURU: Look... first of all, that rumor is fake news and-
KOTONE: Personally, Mitsuru... I wouldn't take that! I mean, they're all slandering you as a person and basically saying that you can't achieve anything in life without using your body... But you do you, I guess...
MITSURU: ...Ok, all of you, pack your things... and leave this fucking dorm right now before I raise an executive order for the Kirijo special forces to come down and forcefully throw you all into the ocean!
YUKARI: Oh, here comes the slut-shaming and the use of force. Mitsuru, you act just like a gorilla, you know that? A very insecure and weak one too, relying on your family name to get shit done.
FUUKA: All of you are such bullies! Why does everyone bring up my looks and my haircut!
AIGIS: I got a new fooorgis on the jeeep! I trap until the bloody bottoms are underneath!
MAKOTO: Everyone!
FUUKA, YUKARI, MITSURU: WHAT?!
MAKOTO: Let's have a democratic vote. It's going to be the only way to stop this argument...
KOTONE: Oooo, good idea!
MITSURU: I can't believe we're actually doing this...
KOTONE: Everyone that's against the polyamorous relationship, say "eye"!
YUKARI, MITSURU: Eye.
MAKOTO: And everyone for it?
KOTONE, FUUKA, AIGIS: Eye!
KOTONE: Well, it's 3 against 2, so that means it's official. Makoto gets his harem, yaaay!
FUUKA, AIGIS: Yaay!
YUKARI: Kotone, why the fuck does your vote count!? Ok, actually, fuck this, I'm tired of everything. I'm just gonna roll a fat blunt with my Cali pack and watch some Netflix. Mitsuru, wanna join?
MITSURU: Gladly, Yukari. Fuck this, all I need is some weed right now. Let's go.
AIGIS, KOTONE, FUUKA: Hahahahahahahahahahahaha.
AIGIS: It's funny because weed.
FUUKA: So, Makoto, wanna have a threesome with me and Aigis right now in the living room?
MAKOTO: Na, I'm tired. I'm gonna go sleep.
KOTONE: Ohho! Classic sigma male Makoto!
AIGIS, KOTONE, FUUKA: Hahahahahahahahahahahaha.
AKIHIKO, KEN, JUNPEI, SHINJIRO, KOROMARU: What! The! Absolute fuck!
[END SCENE]
[KEN PLAYING GENSHIN]
[AKIHIKO WALKS IN]
AKIHIKO: Hey Ken
KEN: Hey Akihiko Senpai, welcome back, wait why are you covered in blood and sweat, where did you even come from!
AKIHIKO: Yea I just came back from beating up the homeless guy outside the dorm, these crack heads sure know how to fight when you take their meth off them. He almost got me with his shit covered knife, but I was able to give him a nice haymaker to the face!
KEN: Holy shit... is he dead?
AKIHIKO: Well he did fall head first on the concrete pavement and I heard his skull cave in on itself, but im sure he'll be just fine!
KEN: Akihiko senpai you cant just go around killing homeless people!
AKIHIKO: It was self defence! He was the one that asked me for money first! and besides, it makes for some great training!
KEN: How is that a justified reason to go Mike Tyson mode on a crack head! And what the hell is this training for, the next time another meth addict asks you for money?
AKIHIKO: Look Ken, if you dont stop getting on my ass for cleaning up the streets of these drug addicts, Ill take that Playstation 2 you're playing on right now and sonic punch it into a million pieces
KEN: You fucking boomer! its a PS5! whatever, i dont care anymore im just gonna keep playing genshin.
AKIHIKO: Genshin? Actually, i've been meaning to say, what the hell is this game?! all you've been doing is running around picking up flowers and shit ever since i came in. This looks boring as fuck! Where the hell is the fighting?
KEN: Akihiko you meat head, this is the exploration part of the game, i'm gathering materials to upgrade my characters
AKIHIKO: Huh, ok i see..., well i guess kids these days dont appreciate games like battlefield 3 or slenderman anymore...
KEN: Oh actually i've played those games!
AKIHIKO: Really? nevermind you're alot more cultured than I orginally thought!
KEN: Yea, those are the best games on roblox!
AKIHIKO: wait what roblox?
JUNPEI: Oh shit Ken is that Genshin Impact! Man you even got the Raiden Shogun! That has to be the hottest anime girl to ever bless our green earth! I could fill 15 jars full of my baby batter just looking at her fat badonkas!
AKIHIKO: Jesus Junpei stop right there! How the hell can say that degeneracy to a kid!
KEN: Akihiko Senpai dont worry about me I've heard worst stuff online then what junpei just said
AKIHIKO: Wow... unfiltered internet access for kids is truly the downfall of society...
SHINJIRO: Ken is that GenShit CringePact! Turn that game off right now it's full of pedophiles!
KEN: All of you fucking shut up and let me play my game! Stop treating me like im a special needs kid! Im not retarded Shinji Senpai, i know not to tell anyone my real name, age or location online
SHINJIRO: Sorry Ken, but im still concerned about the reputation this game has with people who are attracted to minors. I mean look at that character you're playing as right now! Thats a fucking 5 year old kid with no shoes!
KEN: Shes a 500 year old god so shes actually very legal, and im a kid too!
SHINJIRO: If i heard anyone else say that above the age of 15 I would be seriously concerned
JUNPEI: Shinji senpai stop being a dick! The game is full of big booty hot mommies anyways, that enough makes up for all the sexualised young kids!
AKIHIKO: What the fuck im i even hearing right now... what happened to the times where the only thing sexualised in games was half naked men with huge, strong muscles in tight spandex wrestling each other, covered in sweat and chest hair
JUNPEI: That is the gayest fucking shit i've ever heard in my life dude!
[TRANSITION]
KEN: Oh someone wants to join my world!
SHINJIRO: Don't accept that invite! it must be one of those kid touchers!
JUNPEI: Na ken! accept that shit! IT could be a sexy e girl!
KEN: Ok i accepted it!
[CHARACTER INTERACTION: Hiiiiiii]
[CHARACTER INTERACTION: emote]
[CHARACTER INTERACTION: f 17, you?]
KEN: well apparently they're a girl aged 17
AKIHIKO: who the hell says says their age and gender in an anime gacha game
SHINJIRO: That is such cap, there's no way its an actual girl our age right now
JUNPEI: You never know senpai! I think it's time to rizz up some genshin e girls! Hey respond back to her!
[CHARACTER INTERACTION: 11 M]
SHINJIRO: Ken why the fuck did you say your actual age?
KEN: People on the internet lie all the time, there's no way they'll belive me anyway
[CHARACTER INTERACTION: oooooo 11?]
[CHARACTER INTERACTION: sexy emote]
[CHARACTER INTERACTION: Are your parents home <3]
[CHARACTER INTERACTION: do you know what sex is?]
SHINJIRO: Jesus christ on a cross being stabbed by the romans, that is a pedophile alright! I told you everyone that plays this game is a predator, this is the most fucked up thing i've seen said to a kid, please block this scumbag right now
JUNPEI: Hold on dude! Just keep talking to her I wanna see where this goes! How can you cock block ken like this! If i was him i would wanna tap that 17 year old cheeks, man were where all the pedos when i was a kid!
AKIHIKO: Look Shinji, Ken should keep talking to her, but not for the reason junpei said becuase that is disgusting, but if we are able to arrange Ken to meet with them, we can jump out and beat them to death with our fists, we can rid the world of one less child molester
SHINJIRO: You two are unhinged for the exact opposite reasons holy shit, but Im with akihiko here lets fuck up some kids fiddlers
KEN: Fuck you guys! Im not doing any of that shit! I dont want to meet up with a pedophile! Thats just asking to get kidnapped in the back of a van and thrown into a basement for the rest of my life as a sex slave!
AKIHIKO: Ken listen to us! theres 3 of us and one of them, i'm pretty sure we can handle them whoever they are.
KEN: Ok i'll do it.. but you guys owe me some robux after i do this
JUNPEI: yea yea we'll use mitsurus credit card or something.
AKIHIKO: Ok ken, say to them to meet up for some cupcakes you baked
KEN: weirdly specific but ok
[CHARACTER INTERACTION: cupcakes?]
[CHARACTER INTERACTION: Yea lets meet up!]
[CHARACTER INTERACTION: You live in Tatsumi Port Island so, meet me at the Naganaki Shrine <3]
KEN: how the fuck did they know where we live
KEN: ok this is fucked
JUNPEI: Holy shitting fucking balls man im bugging out, i knew i shouldnt of popped that gas station edible earlier
AKIHIKO: Everyone calm down!... This must be the work of an enemy shadow! Even more reason to go and perform our duties as members of the Specialized Extracurricular Execution Squad, which is to brutally eradicate any shadows that oppose us!
[TRANSITION TO NAGANAKI SHRINE]
KEN: Ok i think i see them
SHINJIRO: Well thats a girl alright, dosent look like a shadow to me
JUNPEI: Nice one Ken, looks like you're losing your virignity today young man!
AKIHIKO: NO JUNPEI! This is clearly an illusion set up by the shadow, we are gonna beat the shit out of this child predator!
AKIHIKO: I dont discriminate based on gender! I'm all for equal rights, equal fights!
SHINJIRO: You two shut up she's gonna hear us!
KEN: I dont want to do this! I didnt think she would actually show up! I wanna go back to the dorm!
AKIHIKO: KEN YOU ARE STAYING HERE! We need you as bait! we can land some critical hits after you charm her!
JUNPEI: Aw come on! cant let a kid get some pussy before you guys do huh?
AKIHIKO: Ok its time Ken, go and distract her
SHINJIRO: just shout if you start getting molested we'll come out and beat her up
KEN: I hate you guys...
[KEN APPROACHES KOTONE]
KOTONE: Oh hi!
KEN: Oh hi
KOTONE: You must be Ken2012 from genshin right?
KEN: oh yea thats me, are you phem see?
KOTONE: yep thats me! im so happy you rememberd my name!
KEN: uhhh no problem i guess
KEN: wait you look and sound really familiar... can you take off your glasses please
KOTONE: oh sorry! i cant! my eyes are allergic to the sun! its a rare genetic disease that only affect 0.46% of the population.
KEN: oh really, that must be hard living like that
KOTONE: sike! i was just joking! wow you really believed me?
KEN: you actually had me for a second thats pretty good phem see!
KOTONE: oh thanks for the compliment Ken! im glad you came here today! so where are these cupcakes you promised me?
[GROUP AMBUSHES KOTONE]
AKIHIKO: Yea your cupcakes are right here bitch!
SHINJIRO: Ok you fucking predator, would you like to take a seat right here or getting sent to the hospital with 50 fractured bones and a broken face!
JUNPEI: wait guys isnt that fucking Kotone behind those glasses!
AKIHIKO: WHat the aboslute fucking shit on st peters doorstep is happening right now! Kotone why the fuck are you here!
SHINJIRO: I cant beleive kotone's was an actual pedo the whole time!
KOTONE: No you guys got it all wrong! I was just possessd by a shadow! I was only just now able to escape its control by removing the glasses!
AKIHIKO: that is the wrost possible alibi i have ever heard! do you really expect us to beleive that!
KOTONE: Yes
[...]
KEN: Kotone... i really thought we had a special bond, but after seeing you here i dont know if i can continue being in a relationship with you anymore
SHINJIRO: wait, you? in a relationship with her? Kotone i thought we were mutually exclusive! you even went out of your way to get my lost watch for me!
KEN: no Kotone is mine, shes the only one that dosent treat me like a kid everyday!
AKIHIKO: KEN i thought you hated pedophiles why the fuck are you involved with kotone?
KEN: oh shes an exception, shes actually one of those female pedohphiles where if they're cute enough no one will care
JUNPEI: we truly live in a society, and im glad to be living in it! but seriously guys you all got fucking played by her!
[SHADOW APPEARANCE]
KOTONE: wait everyone behind you! is that the naked lovers shadow with B J written on their nipples!
KOTONE: and a Furious Gigas shadow with huge muscles and a massive crotch buldge!
[CHAOS ENSUES]
SHINJIRO: Hell no theres no way shes getting out of this without an apology! SHINJIRO lets chase her!
JUNPEI: right behind you bro!
[KOTONE ESCAPES TO CAR]
KEN: look there she is! shes in the car
AKIHIKO: where the hell did she get a car from! Kotone Open the fucking door right now!
SHINJIRO: Kotone you cheating back stabbing whore! open the door! the longer you stay in there the harder im gonna pound on this window!
JUNPEI: man what the fuck is going, ken lets go home i wanna see you play more genshin!
KEN: alright but please stop saying weird shit about the characters i play!
[FINAL MEME SCENE]
[PHENSEE MEME CAR CHASE]
[KOTONE DRIVES OFF PLAYING "PHEM SEE" MUSIC]
[GROUP ARGUES IN BACKGROUND]
[END SCENE]
                AIGIS: [Monotone] Incoming call. Analysing caller... Shuji Ikutsuki. Searching for contextual information... [Beeping noises] Ituksuki’s search history results logged successfully! Initiating conversation protocol. [Picks up phone] Hello, Ikutsuki-sama. How may I assist you?

SHUJI: Ah, Aigis! Just the android I wanted to speak to. Could you come to the camera room? Alone… I need to discuss some... *[pauses dramatically]* extremely important matters… *[Evil grin]*  [Evil Laugh]

AIGIS: [Deadpan] To foster a safe and welcoming work environment, I must remind you not to be racist and refer to me as an "android." I am a Highly Advanced Anti-Shadow Suppression Weapon, far superior in all aspects to those obsolete excuses of artificial intelligence.

SHUJI: [Nervous chuckle] Oh, my apologies! I didn’t realise you had such strong opinions about umm, machine race dynamics. I promise to refrain from any further… micro-chip-aggressions.

AIGIS: Your compliance has been noted. Proceeding to the camera room as requested. 

[AIGIS WALKS TO THE CAMERA ROOM, BUT THE DOOR IS JAMMED. SHE REPEATEDLY BASHES INTO THE DOOR] 
AIGIS: Ikutsuki-san, the door appears to be malfunctioning. Do not worry, I have calculated the fastest solution, proceeding with a brute-force attack on the door with my orgia mode. 

SHUJI, INSIDE THE ROOM, IS PANICKING.]
SHUJI: *[Whispering to himself]* Oh no, oh no, Aigis! Stop don’t blow it up! I can’t uh, open the door right now! I’m just doing... maintenance on the cameras!  

[AIGIS, DEADPAN.]
AIGIS: Maintenance detected as unnecessary, cameras are functioning at full efficiency. You’re response raises concern, asking me to come alone and blatantly fabricating information to an advanced reasoning machine?  May I ask why you requested me to the camera room and are refusing to open the door?

SHUJI: [Opens Door] No No AIGIS I promise there really was something wrong with the cameras! I just needed some time to fix it but yes all done, no need to worry and ask any further! 

AIGIS: I am detecting high levels of sus from that sentence, there is a 68% chance that you are the imposter…

SHUJI: Now hold on! Before you press that eject button! You see.. I was actually… planning a surprise party for the S.E.E.S. members! Yes, a party! And I needed your help to, uh, gather some information about their preferences. You know, cake flavours, favourite music, that sort of thing. It’s all very hush-hush, got it?

AIGIS: [Processing] A... surprise party? For S.E.E.S.? If that is your objective, I will comply with your requests.

SHUJI: Oh, Jolly good! Now, if you could just... uh... share some details about the team—like their schedules, their weaknesses and their deepest, darkest secrets… That would be just wonderful!

AIGIS: Absolutely, Here is a complete list of compromising information about the members of S.E.E.S. This includes the names of all the homeless men injured by Akihiko, the result of Junpei’s recent drug test and the full name, address and government identification of Bitchkari’s, pardon me, Yukari’s biological mother. I sincerely hope this document will allow you to create an extremely surprising party for everyone!

SHUJI: Why thank you Aigis, You really are just as smart as you claim to be! I was worried you were about to call an emergency meeting on me! You know, like the Game amonugs! Hahaha!

AIGIS: Please do not misunderstand, Should you use this document for any malicious purposes. I will gladly expose your midget, dominatrix, BBW preferences to billions of people on the internet! If you want to avoid being a victim of goonercide, I highly suggest you comply with my terms and conditions!

SHUJI: Yes.. I-I, uh.. fully understand…

AIGIS: That’s great to hear, I will now dismiss myself to my room. Please enjoy your good night's sleep Itkutsuki-san!

SHUJI: (Chinese) stupid robot, she does not know of the virus I have implanted in her. I must endure this for now, The time will come when I’ll get my revenge.. HAHAHAH






